[pop music playing]
THE UNBLESSED
[thunder crashes]
[all grunting]
There's no way this thing is
any kind of natural phenomenon.
In what world
would a natural phenomenon
cause icicles
to specifically target us?
Everyone, hurry inside!
[panting]
I'd heard about their power,
but who knew they were really
capable of something like that?
[sighs, groans]
[machinery rumbling]
-[gasps]
-It's all right.
No need to worry.
[clanking]
[Françoise]
Because of the storm,
neither the sensors
nor the cameras are working.
The infrared will be
unreliable as well.
The pressure sensors
installed in the grounds
aren't picking up
anything either.
[Joe] But there's got to be
an enemy out there
creating this weather
artificially.
Even if at a distance,
he's watching from somewhere,
or he couldn't target us
so accurately.
[telepathically]
My guess is that the attack
is coming from the sky.
You mean from inside that
supercell floating above us?
Is that even possible?
First things first, people.
I think you'll be needing these.
[sighs]
Never thought we'd be putting on
our combat gear again.
[grunts]
Hold on.
This area right above the clouds
is scorching hot.
[Ivan] All channels open.
[Cyborgs] Roger.
005, 006, and 007,
I want you as decoys.
So we're supposed to be
willing targets for this?
Great. I'm loving this.
Well, that is the role
we were destined to play.
[Ivan]
008, I want you to cover 003.
003, run your search
from the ground
using your eyes and ears.
Track all changes
in the storm's temperature
and air currents.
002, search from above.
Leave it to me.
004, 009, you are snipers.
Did they--
Could they follow me
to this place?
Possibly.
It might have been the signals
emitted from this device.
[G.B.] There was a
mental lapse on my part, too.
I'd forgotten that nowadays
most rental cars come
with an anti-theft GPS service.
The one in Ms. Davenport's car
might have been hacked
from the very beginning.
Wait. They've been following me
from the moment I left
the airport to this place?
Well, that would be
my assumption. It adds up.
[Ivan]
They launched their attacks
when they got the signal
from that device.
That's probably
what is happening.
I am such an idiot.
I'm a failure as a journalist.
Start the operation.
[Cyborgs] Roger that.
Come on. Let's go!
Hey, wait for me!
[ice crackling]
[G.B.] 002, 003, come on.
Don't take all day now. [winces]
[gasps]
I can hear it.
Found you.
[Ivan] That's it.
[rumble]
[gasps]
[Chang] Eh?
A cowboy.
[Chang] What's up with that?
I've never heard of a cowboy
throwing icicles from the sky.
[G.B.] Nor I.
Ai-yah!
[chuckles]
Wait. That man...
[grunts]
[groaning]
[Dr. Gilmore] Hold on a second.
Isn't that Arnold Knox?
Yes.
He's the wealthiest man
in Texas.
[Dr. Gilmore]
Listen, everybody.
Hold your fire.
They know this fellow?
[sighs]
[G.B.] Seems we owe you, 009.
What is this?
Aren't you going to fire back?
[groaning]
[gasps]
Damn it.
-Oh, you're welcome, by the way.
-Heh.
Hmm.
Does he have eyes
in the back of his head?
Hand over what Lucy Davenport
brought you right now.
[all gasping]
If you comply
with my demands immediately,
I just might let you all live,
you miserable cyborgs. Heh.
Apparently this fellow
really does know all about us.
Interesting.
He looks like nothing more
than a normal human being.
[Ivan] That's true,
but it's what he wants
that interests me more.
You mean this device?
So what's it gonna be?
Never!
Then you'll die
like Dr. Davenport
met his demise.
[gasps]
[Joe] Your tricks aren't
gonna work on us anymore.
Don't gimme that.
Damn mechanical doll. Adios.
What the...
Accelerator!
[yells]
You can accelerate all you want,
but you're not able to match
the speed of lightning.
Can your puny brain
comprehend that?
Not yet.
You haven't defeated me.
[Knox] What a fool.
Look at you, groveling around
on the ground like that.
Quite fitting for a bunch
of windup dolls like you.
We're not dolls, cowboy.
We're human beings. Got that?
Tell me, exactly who
or what is this man?
[Lucy] The Blessed.
Huh?
They're the Blessed,
known as the "exalted ones."
At least that's what
my father called them.
My father said
they're an immortal tribe
who've survived continuously
since ancient times...
hiding in the shadows.
In other words,
all those myths and legends
about a long-lived species
all over the world,
they're true.
[Ivan] In that case,
Ms. Davenport,
assuming an immortal species
does exist,
why is it that no one
has been able
to discover them until now?
One reason, their powers.
They've ruled from the shadows
all this time.
Ms. Davenport, taking the leap
from the monster we see
before our eyes to the Blessed,
who have ruled this world
from the shadows for centuries,
isn't that a bit of a stretch?
[G.B.] So sorry to interrupt
such a scintillating
conversation,
but what we want to know
more than anything right now
is how to end this attack
and stop him,
not who he is
or where he comes from.
[Pyunma] Silver bullets,
holy water, garlic,
at this point, whatever
will put him down is fine by me.
Ah, man.
[yells]
002!
[groans]
[yells]
Joe!
[Knox] I don't understand.
Why would you go so far
to protect a woman
you've only met today?
Because we
don't look the other way
when someone's in trouble.
Fool. That could not be
more illogical.
Just because something's logical
doesn't mean
it's the right thing to do.
My, my.
So not only
are you windup dolls,
but morons as well.
Damn it.
[Dr. Gilmore]
No, stop it.
[gasps]
[groans]
[Françoise] 002!
001, how is he able
to anticipate our every move?
[Ivan] Most likely,
he's sensing the disturbance
in the air currents.
He's able to change
the temperature so drastically
by aligning air molecules
according
to the direction of motion.
And as a byproduct of all that,
he's controlling those winds?
Oh, no.
Unless he's Maxwell's demon
somehow represented
in human form,
such power is inconceivable.
You're absolutely right,
Doctor.
He is aware of the movements
of every single air molecule
around him
and can control them.
But even cyborgs like us
don't have power
to do something like that.
You're right.
So how is he able to?
[Ivan] Most likely through
some type of telekinesis.
As a result, I believe
our enemy has superpowers.
If your hypothesis
is indeed correct, 001,
does that mean that the enemy
is somehow decreasing entropy?
[Ivan] That's right.
But if that's the case,
then entropy must also be
increasing somewhere else.
[gasps] Wait a second.
Do you mean that abnormal
high-temperature layer
I found above the clouds?
[Ivan] Yes. No question.
If that's the case,
002, there's something
-I need you to help me with.
-What is it?
What's all the pointless
yammering about down there?
Enough, you windup dolls.
We're talking about
how we're gonna stop you.
Well, someone's blowing smoke,
and you're gonna regret it.
005.
[grunts]
Is that your idea
of lightning rods?
[Joe] 002,
sync your movements to mine.
You got it.
[machine gun firing]
Accelerator!
Hmm?
Mach one!
Mach two!
006.
Right. I'm on it.
Wait.
What just happened out there?
[Ivan] The enemy was exploiting
the imbalance in entropy,
but inside a closed system,
entropy is forced
to max itself out
and restore the balance.
In other words,
009 and 002 blocked the attack
with a series of shock waves,
creating a small, closed system
around the enemy,
forcing that limitation
to take place.
Exactly. And that's
what caused the storm
to die down in an instant.
Well, that sure was
an anticlimax.
Makes you wonder exactly
what this guy's famous for.
Before he died, my father
was in contact with him.
The man who killed my father...
-was Knox.
-[gasps]
Father was right about them
the whole time.
The Blessed occupy pivotal
positions in our society.
I had much more information
about them,
but my notes went up
along with my rental car.
This is all I have left of them.
I was also planning to ask you
for your help in decoding this,
but I suppose
that won't happen now.
Hmm.
Ah. What is this?
A partial list of those
my father identified
as being members of The Blessed.
Hmm.
[Pyunma] Someone with the power
to manipulate
the atmosphere, huh?
He sure was a piece of work.
We've never taken on anyone
the likes of him before, eh?
How are we supposed to fight
against someone like that?
[Heinrich] And if what Lucy
told us is true,
then there are probably tons
more of them where he came from.
[G.B.] And if one of them
attacks again...
Joe, I'm scared.
I fear that our days of fighting
are far from over.
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]